
*** PLANNING ***
Wire frame: It was done using free hand (wire frame sketched on paper)


**SECTION 1: Home
call to action navigation bar

main Nav:- Home      About     Schools      Academic    Admissions    Contact us

Background Photo: Vicky Lawrence School building Photo 

   VICKY LAWRENCE SCHOOLS.
     .... Building Tomorrow Leaders
     call to action button


**SECTION 2: ABOUT
WELCOME TO VICKY LAWRENCE
At Vicky Lawrence Schools excellence and raising leaders is our watch word, we strongly believed that if a foundation is laid on a well dense soil strata, the structures will definitely stand the test of time. We seek to establish this standard in all facet of our operations and inculcate this standard in our Wards. Vicky Lawrence Schools was founded in Lagos State in July 10th, 2000 and expanded to three different states in Nigeria (Oyo, Edo and Abia State) five years after.

Our aim is to establish a solid foundation for all our Children through their academic and professional journey in life. We pay great attention to the physical, social and psychological development of our Students, edging them to become impactful leaders, responsible and impact driven members of our society. Our facilities are up-to-date making us stand tall among the best and infra-structurally positioned to deliver quality education to your children

Principal

Dr. Olorunfemi Johnson Bash


Know more    =====> button


**SECTION 3: SCHOOLS
   Education Logo    Vicky Lawrence Schools (to  be in different heading write up with background color)
   VLS Nursery & Primary Ikorodu, Lagos                                   
   Photo                                                                 
   Welcome note/Description                                
   We believed that any students with
   a solid foundation well rooted on
   a stable and dense soil strata 
   enjoy his or her design purpose
   in life. We replicate this in 
   our kids at the inception and
   prepared them for academic
   challenges.                
   Visit School===> button                         


VLS High School
Photo
Welcome note/Description 
Our high Schools students performance and awards winning 
records speaks for themselves and our alaumini leadership
 roles in their endeavour watered our hearts with joy.
 Visit School===> button

VLS Vocational School
Welcome note/Description 
Our vocational school stand out among others and we pride 
ourself among the best. Due to our consistent provision of
 updated tools, equipment and teachers that knows their 
 onions for our vocational trainees.
   Visit School===> button

VLS Technology Schools
Welcome note/Description 
We catch them young at Vicky Lawrence School of Technology 
and bring out the tech genius in our wards with world class, 
experienced and professional instructors. Nevertheless we 
firmly believed learning is for all ages.
   Visit School===> button

**SECTION 4: NEWS & EVENTS 
1. VICKY LAWRENCE HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT EMERGES WINNER IN 
LAGOS STATE JUNIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL SPELLING BEE 
COMPETITION.          
Description: Emeka Uzordinma of Vicky Lawrence High School,
CMD Road, Magodo, Lagos State clinched the winner prize in 
the 2020 secondary school Chess competition game organized 
by the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI).Eemeka 
emerged first without loosing any game, in the keenly 
contested chess game. while Peter from Bright Rays College,
Ikorodu, Lagos State 
emerged as the second prize winner.
......A CALL TO ACTION BUTTON
2. ADMISSIONS
The 2020/2021 academic session admission for JSS1 is currently
on. Parents whose children have been offered admission can 
come to the school for their admission letters and other 
admission procedures.We say congratulations to all our new 
students.
 ......A CALL TO ACTION BUTTON
 3. VICKY LAWRENCE SCHOOL OF TECHNOLOGY STUDENTS WON MICROSOFT IGNITE CODING CHALLENGE.
 Winners have emerged in the 2020 Microsoft ignite coding 
 challenge organized and suponsor by Microsoft and AlgoExpert.
 John Johnson and Basirat Musa of Vicky Lawrence School of
 technology emmerged as the first and second prize winners
 and also with a previledge to work with microsoft after
 graduation.
     ......A CALL TO ACTION BUTTON

**SECTION 5: PARENT TESTIMONIALS
" My daughter graduated from Vicky Lawrence high school, and she has the best memories with her teachers and friends. Her academic performance and development is what thrilled me the most. I would like to take this prospect to thank the teachers for their continuous care, support, collaboration, and most importantly patience. We have witnessed massive and exponential development in my daughters. "
tech-sch-parent
— Mr. Peter Edoche
" We enrolled our two sons in Vicky School of Technology in 2018. It was the best decision we've ever made for them. Since then, they have improved not only technically in information technology, but socially and spiritually as well. The instructors are all professionals from my conversation each time I pay a visit to the school. The instructors have brought out the genius in my kids. Our only regret is that we did not get them in sooner. "
High-sch-parent
— Mrs Sassy Saul
" Initially, I find it difficult to believe when a friend shared her experience about her kids attending Vicky Lawrence School. Olamide my son, just started attending the High School and I believed he will emulate the success stories achieved by some of the graduated students in the school. My interogation with the teachers and students revealed to me that the teachers are really helpful and they genuinely care about each student. The teachers have the student's best interests in mind and will work with them to help them achieve their best. "
High-sch-parent
— Engr Henry Oyeyemi
" It gives us an immense sense of achievement that our son is with vickylawrence School. I am glad that we took this decision. thanks to my wife who made it possible despite my rejection of the school, though I just felt they might not pay attention to junior students since they have high school and technology school. "
High-sch-parent
— Ms Herienta Lucy
" Vicky Lawrence vocational training school is a blessing to me, since I began the vocational training six months ago. They schol don't only focus on vocational training, but they also inculcate moral and God-centered direction into every students. I cannot express my gratitude enough to my instructors Mrs. Simpson and Mr. Johnson they are both wonderful, always ready to listen and help on any issues. "
High-sch-parent
— Mrs Vee Florida.

    
**SECTION 6: NEWSLETTER
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
 Design floating text using css and place it side by side with a call to action button. 


**SECTION 7: CONTACT US

Map for location                 Form to be filled by users
Using Google map                 Name:    
                                 E-mail:     
                                 Subject:      
                                 Message:
                                 Submit==> Call to action button 


**SECTION 8: FOOTER
QUICK LINKS       MENU           DOWNLOADS               OUR SOCIAL LINKS                    
FAQS              Home           Curriculum              facebook
Admissions        About          Prospectus              tweeter
                  Schools        Schools Calendar        instagram
                  Admission      Admission Form          Linkedin
                  ACADEMICS                              
                  GALLERY
                  Contact Us

         Vicky Lawrence Schools Copyright logo-copy-right 2020. All right reserved            
                        Designed by: Joel Ogunniran                     